Ciao everyone, here it's Marchettino,
today I'm with the Alfa Romeo 4C test car and I've decided to visit my friends at Autodromo di Modena,
they've been kind enough to give me all their track just for me!
I mean, how cool is that?
One empty track, just the Alfa Romeo, let's go and have some fun with it!
Honeslty, I didn't expected today to drive the car around the track,
I was here to film a Pagani Zonda and the director of the track that is a friend of mine just invited me to go inside and have some fun!
I don't have the track helmet, I have just this Panama hat and I'm not sure if it would make a difference, anyway
First gear
Race mode engaged
now
which turns off the traction and stability control and yeah, let's go!
That was maybe a bit too much!
Hopefully, I'm the only person and car around the track so
there is room for mistakes and doing more stupid things!
I'm just here to have fun!
No lap times, nothing!
Just pure fun!
The whole track just for myself, that was absolutely epic, thank you Autodromo di Modena!
That was much fun driving the 4C with the traction and stability control off,
it would have been too dangerous doing something like this on a public road,
this is the perfect place for doing such stupid and fun things!
I think I will let the car cool down for a couple of minutes because it's bloody hot!
Not sure about the tires,
I don't know what Alfa Romeo will say when I will return the car but
that was fun! Once again, thanks Autodromo di Modena!
And also.
Don't take seriously my driving skills of this video,
I was just driving to have some genuine fun.
I hope you guys did enjoy the video
and make sure to subscribe to my YouTube channel for more
and as always thanks for watching, ciao!